Memory Controller documentation (#7376)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/glossary.md

A **tablet local database** or **local database** is a set of data structures and related code that manages the tablet's state and the data it stores. Logically, the local database state is represented by a set of tables very similar to relational tables. Modification of the state of the local database is performed by local tablet transactions generated by the tablet's user actor.

Each local database table is stored using the [LSM tree](#lsm-tree) data structure.

#### LSM tree {#lsm-tree}

An **LSM tree**, or [log-structured merge-tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Log-structured_merge-tree), is a data structure designed to optimize write and read performance in storage systems and used in {{ ydb-short-name }} to store local database tables.

#### MemTable {#memtable}

> All incoming data is initially written to an in-memory structure called a **MemTable**. When the MemTable reaches a predefined size, it is flushed to disk as an immutable [SST](#sst) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All data written to a [tablet local database](#local-database) is initially stored in an in-memory data structure called a **MemTable**. When the MemTable reaches a predefined size, it is flushed to disk as an immutable [SST](#sst).
```
"All incoming data" needs clarification on where the data is getting into. It's definitely not YDB as a whole. I'm kind of guessing based on the rest of the content; please double-check.

> #### SST {#sst}
> 
> An **SST**, or sorted string table, is an immutable file that stores rows sorted by key, facilitating efficient lookups and range queries. Each SST is composed of a contiguous series of small data pages, typically around 7 KiB in size, which further optimizes the process of reading data from disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sorted string table {#sst}

A **sorted string table** or **SST** is an immutable data structure that stores rows sorted by key, facilitating efficient key lookups and range queries. Each SST is composed of a contiguous series of small data pages, typically around 7 KiB in size, which further optimizes the process of reading data from disk. An SST typically represents a part of [LSM tree](#lsm-tree).
```

The **bootstrapper** is the primary mechanism for launching tablets, used for service tablets (for example, for [Hive](#hive), [DS controller](#ds-controller), root [SchemeShard](#scheme-shard)). The [Hive](#hive) tablet initializes the rest of the tablets.

### Shared cache {#shared-cache}

> A **shared cache** is an actor that stores data pages recently accessed and read from [distributed storage](#distributed-storage). By caching these pages, it reduces disk I/O operations and accelerates data retrieval, enhancing overall system performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **shared cache** is an [actor](#actor) that stores data pages recently accessed and read from [distributed storage](#distributed-storage). Caching these pages reduces disk I/O operations and accelerates data retrieval, enhancing overall system performance.
```

### Memory controller {#memory-controller}

> A **memory controller** is an actor that manages {{ ydb-short-name }} [memory limits](../deploy/configuration/config.md#memory-controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **memory controller** is an [actor](#actor) that manages {{ ydb-short-name }} [memory limits](../deploy/configuration/config.md#memory-controller).
```
